hi i'm johanna from running warehouse
and today we're here testing out the a6
kayano 19 basics flagship offering
continues to serve runners with plenty
of stability cushioning and a silky
smooth ride now lighter than ever the
nineteenth version of the kayano also
has a more flexible platform for
increased run ability Matt you're used
to running in a minimum support shoe so
how did the posting in the Kayano
compare for you you know I was
pleasantly surprised with it you know I
typically run in something like a BS
trainer or Mizuno elixir so don't need
the level of support that this provides
that said the dynamic duo max I thought
it was pretty phenomenal really didn't
feel any kind of bulk or weight they're
just a very smooth transition what were
your first impressions of this newest
Kayano
you know I wasn't quite sure what to
expect with this shoe I have run in the
14 and 15 years ago before I realize
that you need quite as much support so
it was kind of like going back to an old
friend and I really saw something that I
liked a lot in the shoe and that was
just this flexibility and the
performance feel of it which is not
something I remember from those versions
several years back certainly you've got
that plush padded upper very comfortable
and that remains true but what I really
thought was was special about this shoe
was just how fast it felt but yet how
comfortable it was and I can do an 8 or
10 miler
and really no fatigue whatsoever and I
think that's thanks to a really well
engineered midsole design so Kristen
you've run in several previous versions
of the kayano
how does this version compare yes I have
I found that the 19 exceeded my
expectations of the Kayano I have ran in
a number of previous models and this is
by far in my opinion the best that
they've done yet and so what are the
changes that you've noticed primarily in
the fit of the upper I found it with the
19 the fit of the heel cup is secure
enough to no special lacing techniques
are needed in order for my foot to stay
in place as I'm running in addition to
that the toe box and the room in the toe
box specifically is extremely
comfortable and I found that to be an
improvement from the previous model
and what were your thoughts on the
cushioning in this shoe great cushioning
found that this model will definitely
allow you to take it out on really long
runs if you've been satisfied with the
cushioning in the previous models
Luciano you'd certainly be happy with
this one so based on your experience
would you recommend the nineteen to fans
of the previous models definitely I
would and I'd also add that if you heard
mixed reviews on the 18 or were hesitant
to give the Kayano a shot I think the 19
you might find is an excellent option
but yes in general fans of previous
models will probably be thrilled with
the minor changes and improvements
they've done within 18 the kyoto 19 is a
premium option for those seeking plenty
of stability the plush upper securely
holds your mid foot and heel and still
leaves wiggle room upfront gel units in
the heel and forefoot offer impact
protection for long runs and the soft
midsole gives a smooth ride that runners
will be sure to love